[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm your host George Noory
and I'm here with Emery Smith.
And we will be
talking about space
salvaging in this episode.
Emery, welcome back to
"Cosmic Disclosure."
>>EMERY SMITH: Hi, George.
Thanks for having me.
>>NOORY: What the heck
is space salvaging?
>>SMITH: Well, just like
we have ships out here
in the ocean that
salvage wreckages,
there is a huge event going on
in atmosphere and exoatmosphere
in our surrounding solar system.
And what that is, is the
constant daily activity
of craft going up and
salvaging space junk.
>>NOORY: Huh.
>>SMITH: And not just
space junk that we
have put up there,
but space junk that
has been here for millions of
years of downed craft, bodies,
devices.
>>NOORY: Who's going
up there taking it?
>>SMITH: We're going
up there collecting
it, the human civilization.
The corporations have contracted
out major rocket entities
to send up these craft.
Now there are space
stations up there
already with these
technicians and mechanics
that are up there all the time.
And they are collecting
this material
and putting it on these capsules
and sending it back down
to Earth where we retrieve
them from the ocean
and take it back
to our laboratories
and study whether it's fibers or
metals or composites or bodies
even.
>>NOORY: It's space
junk though, isn't it?
>>SMITH: Space junk,
just like junk here,
still can be used, recycled,
and we can learn from it.
Because a lot of this
stuff is not made on Earth,
it's not from Earth.
There's a lot more of
that just floating around.
The whole system is
full of this space junk
that's just floating around.
Some are craft that have
been damaged or exploded.
>>NOORY: Old satellites
that have died, right.
>>SMITH: Yeah, old
satellites and things
like this that are not of
Earth origin, by the way.
Many drones have
been found as well
from extraterrestrial
civilizations that
are up there that
just didn't make it.
>>NOORY: The president
has proposed Space Force.
One of the missions
will be to continue
the salvaging of satellites
that are up there.
>>SMITH: Right.
Eventually this will just be
a civilian operated entity
that's going to be public
and not be so clandestine.
But right now,
it's just reserved
for the people who have the
money to collect these items
and to come back and reverse
engineer them and use them
for products.
I mean, the whole thing
with this Space Force,
I kind of have to giggle at it.
Because that's been
already going on,
as far as I know, since 1990.
So for them to say,
well, we need $14 billion
or whatever it is to
make this Space Force.
Kind of like the
secret NASA, you know,
was already doing all this
stuff way back in the day.
Which regular NASA has no idea.
You know, that's just
a cover up, you know.
So I think what's
going on here is
to get the American people to
support this with their tax
money is to say, well, now we're
going to have a Space Force.
We have already had the
capability to launch missiles
from space, you know,
like I said, 20 years ago.
We already have
high powered laser
beams to shoot down at the
Earth and shoot into space.
>>NOORY: Sure, we've seen that.
>>SMITH: There's new
satellites going out
there that have very
high powered telescopes
and tracking systems that
can track objects deep
within our solar system.
So we know where every
piece of debris is
and whether it's moving
under its own steam or not.
>>NOORY: There's been talk
that there's a satellite called
the Black Knight satellite.
Might we be also
looking for that?
>>SMITH: I don't know
too much about that.
I don't study a lot of the pop
culture stuff that's online.
I just know that there
are devices like that
out there, very large craft
that have been downed.
They're just floating
around space.
Some are in orbit around the
moon, around other planets
nearby, around the sun.
So they only come around
every now and then,
but they are in some
sort of elliptical orbit.
And daily things are
coming near the Earth
where they can go out and
see what this giant thing is.
Is it an asteroid?
Is it is an abandoned ship?
And they go out there
and they do the best
to get these things.
>>NOORY: Emery, you've
talked about space stations
being up there.
What else is up there?
>>SMITH: There are
other stations that
are up there and stations
being built today
around the same size, just
a little bit different.
And these are housing
technicians and scientists
not only for the removal
of all the salvaging,
but also to control different
types of satellites that
are a little bit farther away.
We actually have
satellite drones
that can maneuver around
the solar system now--
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>SMITH: --that these
people are controlling.
But it's easier for them to
do it up there for some reason
than to be on Earth.
>>NOORY: What kind
of corporations
are involved in this
kind of work right now?
>>SMITH: All the aerospace
scientific corporations.
I won't say names, but--
>>NOORY: But we know.
>>SMITH: You guys
already know them.
And they also have
sub-entities under them.
And they make sub-corporations
under these corporations
to make it look like they're not
really with that corporation.
It just depends
on what happened.
There's a lot of
space accidents that
happen you don't hear about.
So the military will
contact these corporations
and say, hey, by the way, we had
a little malfunction up there.
Would you mind
repairing the satellite
or getting this if you can?
>>NOORY: Right.
>>SMITH: They have their
own smaller space shuttles--
they're smaller than
our space shuttle--
that maneuver around space
and around our atmosphere,
exoatmosphere.
There is also very
smaller versions
of these type of like pods.
So think of like
a motorcycle pod
that you can go around space
just for one or two people.
That is also in
orbit all the time
and are docked with these
space shuttles and these space
stations.
And we do have a very
special killer satellite
up there that can project an
EMF wave, electromagnetic field
disruption wave.
>>NOORY: And knock
out a satellite?
>>SMITH: And totally
take a satellite out
within a half a second
and completely disable it.
But I also can't
understand is you
know, we're going to put all
these new weapons in space,
but you know, someone
with a high powered
electromagnetic
frequency pulse generator
could actually take
one out from here.
They have special satellites
and radars out there that
pick up on these types of
electromagnetic pulse bursts.
So they can basically
hone in and triangulate
exactly where it came from.
>>NOORY: Where it came from,
but who sent it up there?
>>SMITH: Everything that
leaves the atmosphere on Earth
is monitored.
So if there is a corporation
or a country launching anything
into the atmosphere,
that's going
to be a high threat
satellite where they're
going to monitor
that very closely
and see what type of
frequencies it's delivering.
Also shoot it with
x-rays and you know,
basically pick it apart
from very, very far away.
>>NOORY: The Soviet Union
set up a satellite around one
of Mars' moons many years ago.
And there was a picture
of an object approaching
that satellite.
And all of a sudden that
satellite went dead.
I think it was an
extraterrestrial craft.
Possible?
>>SMITH: Very possible.
Anything that leaves
our exoatmosphere that
goes beyond that is under
strict surveillance.
And they know what
the-- you know,
they know the intention
behind these satellites.
They might be telling
you, oh, we just
want to look at
the rocks on Mars.
But really, maybe they just
want to drop a bomb on Mars
to see and measure
the frequencies
and you know, the atmosphere
change and things like this.
There's a lot of clandestine
projects are launched
into space and we're told it's
just for space exploration
or this, that, or the other.
But actually, it's
some other agenda
that they're having
that's usually negative.
>>NOORY: How do they
retrieve once they're up?
>>SMITH: Yeah, they have
smaller space shuttles
which have like the
boom arms that you
see in the old space shuttle.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>SMITH: Things are very
industrial, very old fashioned.
We're still using the
whole gas, coal, and oil.
And none of this
is anti-gravitic,
as far as the space salvaging.
It's a very old
school, archaic way
of going up there
still with rocket fuel,
bringing supplies up there.
That's why all these
rockets keep going up there.
These little space buggies
that I was telling you about,
the little motorcycle
things that float around
have these crab-arms to get very
small objects that are located.
And they bring that
back to the shuttle
and they go back to
the space station.
And that constantly is just
this ongoing daily activity.
>>NOORY: When you talk
about retrieving bodies,
what bodies are
we talking about?
>>SMITH: Well, there's
been accidents in space.
And every now and then
a body is returned,
a frozen body from space.
Could be a human, a
human extraterrestrial.
They weren't born on
planet Earth, I'll say.
>>NOORY: OK.
They may have been
a hybridization.
>>SMITH: Right, a hybridization.
Many different species have
been collected, by the way.
>>NOORY: With human DNA?
>>SMITH: With
human DNA, correct.
All extraterrestrials
have human DNA.
And they'll find
these on the radar
and they'll go out there and
collect them, bring them back
and send them back to
Earth in these capsules.
You're getting different
parts of fibers,
different types of
metals and things
like this that are
reverse engineered.
They do have full craft.
They can't bring that back
to the surface though.
>>NOORY: Too big?
>>SMITH: It's usually too
big or they're worried
about if they do send
it down of course,
it's just going to
burn up, or could it
actually hurt somebody.
>>NOORY: Or contamination?
>>SMITH: Or contamination.
>>NOORY: That's possible.
>>SMITH: So what they do is they
send these salvagers out there
to take apart the
craft or to document it
and video it and learn as much
as they can, take pieces of it.
Shoot it with very
advanced radar technologies
to see what's inside the walls,
to see what the propulsion
units are, these
types of things.
>>NOORY: What have you
specifically seen here, Emery?
>>SMITH: I have just seen
pieces of metal, weapons,
medical devices,
bodies, parts of craft,
propulsion units from craft
that they have brought back
to the compartmentalized
programs
in the underground
facilities I was
at that they had a big
storage area for this stuff.
And of course, the bodies go
into a completely different
area.
So these are the
things I've seen.
>>NOORY: What has been the most
astounding thing you've seen?
>>SMITH: I think
the material itself.
When they do the
all the testing on
it and it comes back of
these metals that we really
kind of really don't
have here on Earth
or the mixture of certain metals
together of how they bonded
these atoms together to
form super amazing pieces
of material that we use today
for protection and implants
and all sorts of things.
>>NOORY: So you got more
excited about retrieved metals
than an ET body?
>>SMITH: Well, you
have to understand too,
I'm used to seeing
bodies all the time.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>SMITH: So it wasn't
like a big deal.
But to know that our whole
world can change just
because of a material
that can protect us,
a clear piece of metal.
They're using it in spacecraft,
they're using it in weapons,
they're using it in aircraft,
they're using it in medical.
They're using some of
this stuff, of course,
as far as the bodies,
pharmaceutical stuff.
So it is a reverse engineering
or trying to duplicate that.
We're trying to learn how they
did it and how they made it.
This program, you know, I
call it like the secret NASA.
Another one calls it the
SSP and all these other pop
culture terms.
But it's been
around for a while.
They have very advanced
space shuttles.
They have very advanced suits.
They're not the big,
bulky suits you see on TV
or you know stuff you see
Neil Armstrong and Buzz
Aldrin wearing.
>>NOORY: These are
movable and stuff, right.
>>SMITH: These are very
flexible, very movable,
very strong materials that
were reverse engineered.
The helmets can go clear
and dark electronically.
They have their own
atmosphere built into them.
You can survive in these
suits for many, many days.
As far as breathing and
urinating and defecating,
all this is taken into account
for these types of suits.
It's kind of a cross
between a space suit
that you see back in
the old days and--
>>NOORY: Something that
a pilot would wear,
that kind of tightness?
>>SMITH: No, not the
pressurized suit.
But do you ever see
these triathletes
when they swim
through the ocean,
they have these big
skin suits on sometimes.
Or you see the scuba
divers going in Antarctica
and they have the whole
headdress and everything.
So picture shrinking that big
puffy suit down to a very skin
tight level.
>>NOORY: Where you
can move around.
>>SMITH: Where you
It has articulated
joints everywhere.
>>NOORY: Totally sealed in?
>>SMITH: It's very ambidextrous.
It's all one piece.
And it actually zip locks
in the back of the person.
And the helmet attaches
to an aluminum frame
that's on the collar.
It's one giant
piece of glass that
has four segments with metal in
between the glass to separate.
But it's more like
four or five sided.
And inside there is
a heads up display.
And your com is in your collar.
So all the computer
stuff is in your collar
that shoots up on your screen.
And you can also see
live video, which
is transmitted from a hub.
I could actually see what you're
looking at if I wanted to.
And it's all--
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>SMITH: You know, it
could be voice activated.
There's usually a com
that's connecting four
or five astronauts at one time.
Kind of like in "The Matrix"
where you have that guy
and he's on the computer.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>SMITH: And then the people
are, you know, in the matrix.
And he's like kind of
communicating with them.
>>NOORY: Controlling them.
>>SMITH: And
controlling everything.
So it's kind of like that.
There's always a big--
it's a very team effort.
It can go to hell in a hand
bag real quick up there,
so there's a lot of protocols.
>>NOORY: And the shoes
must be self-contained too?
>>SMITH: No, the shoes are not.
>>NOORY: They're not.
>>SMITH: The gloves, shoes, and
helmet are not self-contained.
They all come on with
this very light aluminum.
They snap in and seal.
And there's a button on there
that actually pressurizes
the suit once it's sealed.
And there's sensors
all over the suit that
allow them to know if there's
any type of pressure breaks
or anything like that.
>>NOORY: Any
leakage or anything.
>>SMITH: And the cool
thing, the reason
that the feet and the helmet
and the hands are separated
is because those are
usually the areas
that they have problems
with lacerations
and things like that.
And they automatically have
rubber seals on the inside
that if there was like my
hand, let's say I cut my glove.
It immediately pressurizes
that so I don't lose pressure
in the whole suit.
>>NOORY: Oh, I get.
>>SMITH: It's kind
of like a G suit,
but smaller areas
on the suit can do.
Like a G suit, pressurized
G suit for the F-16 pilots
and things like this.
A lot of these
things were based off
of the plants that have
taken that were bullet proof,
the leaves and things like
that they reverse engineered
from the portal journeys.
And also reverse
engineered suits
that they had contracted from
other extraterrestrials, things
like that.
So it's definitely not the
same stuff that we're using.
I think a lot of the things
you see on the old school space
shuttles and the old astronaut
suits were actually--
maybe they were saying
it was, you know,
this, that, or the other,
polycarbonate carbon fiber,
you know.
I really believe a lot of
stuff was reverse engineered,
but they're not going
to tell the public that.
So these things are definitely
reverse engineered suits.
I know for a fact,
because when I
was working with the super
suits on the terrestrial basis,
all that stuff was reverse
engineered as well.
And a lot of it was made of
graphene mixed with titanium.
>>NOORY: Emery, what
are the capabilities
of our own equipment
and satellites?
>>SMITH: We have
satellites that can
zoom in very, very
high definition,
unlike anything we have.
See in so many different
light spectrums as well.
Now we can shoot into space
and see what kind of craft
is coming in and how
many people are in there.
>>NOORY: Gees.
>>SMITH: And the same
thing with satellites
that are going up there.
We can actually scan these
satellite from very, very far
away, see all the components
that are in there,
see if they're carrying
plutonium or radioactive
material, and have that
information within seconds
put right back down
to terrestrial Earth
so we know if it's
a threat or not.
>>NOORY: Do other countries
that have space debris up there
go ballistic if they know
that we're taking it?
>>SMITH: No.
Because I want you guys to
think more of corporations
working together.
There's many of these
corporations are, of course,
they're all over the world.
But they're contracting.
You know, SpaceX
has no idea what
they're putting into space.
That's a contract
job, it's classified.
They don't know.
It already comes
packaged and contained.
It's a very controlled
environment.
Just like we are controlled
here about how much we can do,
up there is the same thing.
And these corporations have
a really good strong hold
on that.
And no one's there to
expose that, by the way.
>>NOORY: I mean, do
they come back and say
to the Chinese government,
we just picked up
one of your dead satellites.
Would you like it back?
Do they do that?
>>SMITH: Well, are you
talking about the corporation?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>SMITH: The corporation would
have no use for that anyway.
But if they wanted
to, they could take it
if it was non-functioning.
Whether they would like to
inform the Space Science
Administration in China,
well, that would be,
you know, up to them.
And I don't think,
you know, there's
nothing like anything
to promote a war
or to take someone's property.
Because property up
there is property.
Whether it's a damaged
piece of property
or whether it's an active
satellite or active station
or a body, it is property
of some origin in the world.
And one of the most
interesting things we retrieved
was a reptilian-like arm on
a 10 foot piece of metal.
Which we later figured out
this was a weapon of some sort.
>>NOORY: Gees.
From?
>>SMITH: It was just
floating with the space junk.
>>NOORY: But where
did it come from?
>>SMITH: Well, we don't know.
By the way, the arm was
a reptilian frog-like arm
with three fingers.
So I want you to picture this
long arm and this 10 foot
spear.
And the arm alone was probably
four or five feet long.
So this is was a
very large being.
And the hand and
the fingers were
molded into this giant spear.
>>NOORY: What happened
to the rest of the body?
>>SMITH: We have no idea.
We never found anything else.
>>NOORY: It was gone.
All right.
>>SMITH: But we have found
bodies similar to this arm
before.
And I've seen these
in the projects.
I don't know the
specific race of that.
All I know is the DNA, when they
took it from the arm, matched
the DNA of this metal.
And the metal had DNA in it.
So there was some
sort of connection.
And it really looked
like it was molded.
You know, we first thought
maybe it was just melted
from the craft exploding.
And maybe the body
somehow quickly
was introduced into
this giant spear.
But it wasn't.
We figured out later
that somehow it
can trans-dimensionally
put its hand in the metal
and operate this weapon.
You have to understand
that there's
a lot of things going on up
there that's very dangerous--
that by getting this space
junk back to the planet,
reverse engineering it,
enhancing our technology
in space and our space suits and
our craft and things like that
allows us to step up that
ladder to the next level.
Whether that's going to
become declassified soon,
I do see that happening.
Like they're already starting to
change spacesuits now, I heard.
I haven't looked at
them, but I've heard this
through the grapevine.
>>NOORY: Why don't the ETs come
and retrieve their own stuff?
>>SMITH: I believe
they do when they can.
But there's also
they want to like
stay out of this area, this
atmosphere, and let us thrive.
And they're watching
us and they're
seeing what we're doing.
A lot of times they put
stuff in space for us
to find on purpose to help us.
>>NOORY: They kind
of plant it up there?
>>SMITH: Yes, they
implant things up there.
So they're doing that
for us to motivate
us to reverse engineer
things and to help us
with a lot of
scientific breakthroughs
that we have on the
planet all the time.
>>NOORY: How unique
is our planet,
do you think, in the universe?
>>SMITH: Oh, it's
definitely one of a kind
of the universe with all the
different types of species
and the beautiful atmosphere.
You know, this planet has been
here for millions of years.
And it's been visited
millions of times.
And it has had many, many
different civilizations
here throughout its life and
within the Earth as well.
>>NOORY: Do you know
of anybody that's
been launched into space
to retrieve any objects?
>>SMITH: Yes, absolutely.
>>NOORY: Friends?
>>SMITH: Colleagues.
>>NOORY: Have they come back
with incredible stories?
>>SMITH: Always.
It's always an adventure.
It's just like going
into a new civilization
or discovering
something in a pyramid.
I look at it as a--
I'm an amateur archaeologist
and paleontologist.
So when I find a
new discovery, it's
always like the
most exciting thing,
whether it's just a rock that's
in the shape of something
that someone carved
a million years ago
or a bone that we've
never seen before.
Another amazing
find they had was
it looked like a basketball,
but it was a perfect sphere
crystal.
And it was very,
very highly dense.
And it was just
sitting out there.
And they thought this might
have been an unconscious
craft at one point.
>>NOORY: Whoa.
>>SMITH: Because they thought
it was moving by itself.
Don't forget, everything is
mapped in the exoatmosphere
as far as the space junk.
And anything new, it
would always be there.
We would know, especially
if it's in orbit.
You know, they always know.
They track all these things,
even beyond 85,000 feet.
So he grabbed this device
and brought it back.
And they were really
cautious with it,
because they'd never seen--
because a piece of glass
up there just doesn't
survive like this.
>>NOORY: Right, right.
>>SMITH: It has
obviously some sort
of other material or something.
Or maybe, you know, this
could be a civilization.
Maybe it is a craft, who knows.
So they had to
monitor this in space.
And it was a big
question about when
we should bring this back
to the Earth or should we.
Because you can't do
the right testing--
>>NOORY: What are
we bringing back?
>>SMITH: --up there.
We don't have the
right equipment,
the right laboratories.
>>NOORY: No, that's a
salvaging operation.
>>SMITH: Right.
But this was
something different.
This was not-- you know,
where did this come from?
It doesn't look
like a scrap piece
of metal, that's for sure.
So they did.
They got it, you know,
onto the shuttle.
And they did put it into
one of these capsules
and they did bring it
back to the planet.
>>NOORY: And what happened,
anything after that?
>>SMITH: Well, they
found out that this
is some sort of energy device.
And they still can't crack
any type of code on it.
And that was a long time ago.
We're talking '94, '95 area.
And I've heard that
they have collected
more of these since then.
A couple of my colleagues
has informed me.
But this is definitely some
sort of energetic device
that pulls energy
from wherever it's at.
And it gives off a
special healing frequency.
And they have done
tests with growing cells
around it, plant cells.
Growing human cells,
animal cells, fungi,
all sorts of amazing tests.
>>NOORY: And it functions?
>>SMITH: And it
functions somehow.
>>NOORY: Emery, you
talked about some craft
that might have been up there.
Have we been able to
identify any of it?
And if we have, where might
they have originated from?
>>SMITH: Well, we
have a huge database
in the compartmentalized labs.
If you're part of a
project, like working
on specific extraterrestrial
body, and then the next thing
you know, they want
to pull me to take me
to the craft of this
extraterrestrial.
Which I had no idea.
I wasn't even debriefed
there was a craft, you know,
because I'm not allowed
to ask those questions.
You're not allowed to do
anything unless asked upon.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>SMITH: And that's how I
was able to up my security
clearance every three months.
So what happens is you go there.
We'll take samples
of the craft even.
Bring it back, we
check it with the DNA
of the extraterrestrial.
And I've said this many times
before, they make a match.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>SMITH: So then this
goes in a data base.
And you have to
understand, I'm not
the only technician doing this.
You understand, there's other
scientists or technicians
there.
>>NOORY: An army
of people, right.
>>SMITH: On many different
other craft and bodies.
So there's a huge
database of this.
And that's what got me so
intrigued and so addicted
to this position,
was because it's
like looking at an encyclopedia
of the species of the universe.
>>NOORY: It must have been
exciting to look at that.
>>SMITH: It was like
the most profound thing.
Especially seeing the actual
bodies and the pictures
and the videos and the autopsies
that they had already recorded
before I was even there.
To know this had been
going on for so long,
and now these are new species
coming in that were not
documented that I was working
on, that are still probably,
you know, to this
day, like you said,
they're cross matching
species with ships and crafts
and seeing where
do they come from.
So they're doing this huge
Christmas tree database of DNA
and extraterrestrials
and the craft.
And they're recording
all this and they're
putting it down into these
compartmentalized computerized
systems.
Which I know one of
the main databases
is in an underground
facility in New Mexico.
And the other one is
kept in space in a vault.
There's a vault in space.
>>NOORY: That's our seed,
that vault up there, almost.
>>SMITH: Right, right.
And there's also an underground
facility in the ocean.
So there's like three or
four vaults that are keeping
the data of this that
cannot be hacked.
Once it's put in there, you
can't send a signal in there.
You can't upload it.
It has to be manually
put into these things.
Which I found is very
archaic, but at the same time,
it's probably the
smartest thing to do.
>>NOORY: And it works.
>>SMITH: And it works.
>>NOORY: Will
salvaging continue?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
I think it's going
to be a big business.
Because the civilian
community, I think,
needs to start cleaning
up just our space junk
that's already up there.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>SMITH: So I think they're
going to make that public soon.
So I wouldn't be
surprised after this airs,
maybe within six months
they might come forward
and say well, we know we
need to start cleaning up
this mess out there.
And you know, later
on down the road
they'll say, well,
by the way, we
found this other piece of
junk, we don't know what it is.
And they've already been
doing this for 20 years.
So I think there's going to be
a release of this information
to the public very soon.
>>NOORY: Thanks for being on
"Cosmic Disclosure," Emery.
>>SMITH: Thanks for
having me, George.
>>NOORY: This is
"Cosmic Disclosure"
with our guest, Emery Smith.
Thanks again for watching.
>> Coming this season
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
where people share their
clandestine involvement with
government agencies,
the military,
and secret space programs.
>>SMITH: Well, I think
there's something
going to surface soon.
I think us talking about this,
people start investigating
and some people
start coming forward.
>> This is just one program.
They have a bunch of programs.
My involvement, I'm
just one of thousands.
>> Well, we've been spliced
over a millennia with many,
many different genomes from
other races and other plants
as well from across
the universe.
[MUSIC PLAYING]